New config structure docs (#96)
feature-sliced/steiger: MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

# Migration guide

## From 0.4.0 to 0.5.0

**Step 1**: First of all you need to make sure you upgraded Steiger package to version 0.5.0 or higher.

**Step 2**: You need to install `@feature-sliced/steiger-plugin` package (that contains all FSD rules to run checks in your project). Run one of the following commands based on the package manager you use.

**pnpm**:

```shell

> pnpm add @feature-sliced/steiger-plugin

Reviewer: suggestion: I think this package should be installed to dev dependencies

Author: 100%, missed that thing

```

**yarn**:

```shell
yarn add @feature-sliced/steiger-plugin
```

**npm**:

```shell
npm i @feature-sliced/steiger-plugin
```

> **Step 3**: The final step. You need to bring your `steiger.config.js` file to the new configuration format. You can do that automatically by running one of the following commands.

Reviewer: suggestion: since the migration script is imperfect (and the command is also long), I'd like to include a bit about what it actually does. For example, show a "before" and "after". And also, if people have a `steiger.config.ts` instead of `.js`, we should let them know that they need to modify this command.

As for the "before" and "after", we can do it like this in Markdown:

    <table><thead><tr>
    <th>Before</th>
    <th>After</th>
    </tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>
    
    ```ts
    // steiger.config.ts
    ```
    
    </td><td>
    
    ```ts
    // steiger.config.ts
    ```
    
    </td></tr></tbody></table>

The empty lines are there to prevent HTML from messing up Markdown. It will produce this:

<table><thead><tr>
<th>Before</th>
<th>After</th>
</tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

```ts
// steiger.config.ts
```

</td><td>

```ts
// steiger.config.ts
```

</td></tr></tbody></table>

**! Don't forget to check the changes after the migration and bring them to the code style adopted in your project**

**pnpm**:

```shell
pnpx jscodeshift -t https://raw.githubusercontent.com/feature-sliced/steiger/codemod/packages/steiger/migrations/convert-config-to-flat.js steiger.config.js
```

> _yarn_:

Reviewer: nitpick (non-blocking): there's a formatting inconsistency here, other times the package managers are in `** **`, but here and after they are in `_ _`

Author: Yeah, indeed. Thanks for catching that

```shell
pnpm add -D @feature-sliced/steiger-plugin
```

**yarn**:

```shell
yarn add -D @feature-sliced/steiger-plugin
```

**npm**:

```shell
npm i -D @feature-sliced/steiger-plugin
```

**Step 3**: The final step. You need to bring your `steiger.config.js` file to the new configuration format. You can do that automatically by running one of the following commands. (Alter the command before running if your config file has an extension different from `.js`)

Here is an example of the transformation that will be applied to your config:

<table><thead><tr>
<th>Before</th>
<th>After</th>
</tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

```ts
// steiger.config.ts
import { defineConfig } from 'steiger'

export default defineConfig({
  rules: {
    'public-api': 'off',
    'ambiguous-slice-names': 'off',
    'no-processes': 'off',
  },
})
```

</td><td>

```ts
// steiger.config.ts
import { defineConfig } from 'steiger'
import fsd from '@feature-sliced/steiger-plugin'

export default defineConfig([
  ...fsd.configs.recommended,
  {
    rules: {
      'fsd/public-api': 'off',
      'fsd/ambiguous-slice-names': 'off',
      'fsd/no-processes': 'off',
    },
  },
])
```

</td></tr></tbody></table>

> **! Don't forget to check the changes after the migration and bring them to the code style adopted in your project**

Reviewer: nitpick (non-blocking): I find it a bit janky when a regular exclamation mark is used in the beginning of a sentence, especially when there's no punctuation at the end. Besides, this point is not that important that we need to scream about it in bold :)

suggestion: let's use GitHub's Markdown capabilities to our advantage:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The codemod will probably get the formatting wrong, so don't forget to check the file yourself after migration.
```

**pnpm**:

```shell

> pnpx jscodeshift -t https://raw.githubusercontent.com/feature-sliced/steiger/codemod/packages/steiger/migrations/convert-config-to-flat.js steiger.config.js

Author: Oh, yes, thanks for catching that!
